README.md, before:

# 🛰️ SPACESTAGRAM 🚀

#### _A place for all things space, 9/12/2021_

#### By _**Tiffany Greathead**_

## Description

Spacestagram is a simple react web application where users can view and "like" photos from NASA's image and video library.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

Software Requirements

1. Internet browser
2. A code editor like VSCode or Atom to view or edit the codebase
3. A [free api key](https://api.nasa.gov/) from NASA

Open via Bash/GitBash:

1. Clone this repository onto your computer:
   `git clone https://github.com/TorchAblaze/spacestagram.git`
2. Navigate into the `spacestagram` directory and open in Visual Studio Code or preferred text editor
3. Create a `.env` file in the `spacestagram` directory
4. Copy and paste the following text in the `.env` file, replacing `<YourAPIKey>` with your NASA api key (don't include the <>):

```
REACT_APP_API_KEY=<YourAPIKey>
```

5. Run `npm install` or `npm i` to install the dependencies
6. Run `npm start` to view the application

#### [See a similar version of this website live](https://torchablaze.github.io/my-spacestagram/)

## Bugs 🐞

_No known bugs_

## Support and contact details

_Please reach out through my GitHub account._

## Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- React

## Screenshot

<img src="./src/img/web-app-screenshot.PNG" alt="screen shot of web application" width="500"/>

# Getting Started with Create React App

<details>

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

</details>

### License

MIT License.

Copyright (c) 2021 **_Tiffany Greathead_**

Commit message:

Add loading image credit to README

README.md, after:

# 🛰️ SPACESTAGRAM 🚀

#### _A place for all things space, 9/12/2021_

#### By _**Tiffany Greathead**_

## Description

Spacestagram is a simple react web application where users can view and "like" photos from NASA's image and video library.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

Software Requirements

1. Internet browser
2. A code editor like VSCode or Atom to view or edit the codebase
3. A [free api key](https://api.nasa.gov/) from NASA

Open via Bash/GitBash:

1. Clone this repository onto your computer:
   `git clone https://github.com/TorchAblaze/spacestagram.git`
2. Navigate into the `spacestagram` directory and open in Visual Studio Code or preferred text editor
3. Create a `.env` file in the `spacestagram` directory
4. Copy and paste the following text in the `.env` file, replacing `<YourAPIKey>` with your NASA api key (don't include the <>):

```
REACT_APP_API_KEY=<YourAPIKey>
```

5. Run `npm install` or `npm i` to install the dependencies
6. Run `npm start` to view the application

#### [See a similar version of this website live](https://torchablaze.github.io/my-spacestagram/)

## Bugs 🐞

_No known bugs_

## Support and contact details

_Please reach out through my GitHub account._

## Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- React

## Screenshot

<img src="./src/img/web-app-screenshot.PNG" alt="screen shot of web application" width="500"/>

# Getting Started with Create React App

<details>

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

</details>

### License

MIT License.

Loading Image from Nirmal Sankalana on [CodePen](https://codepen.io/nirmalsankalana/pen/OJmoJYg)

Copyright (c) 2021 **_Tiffany Greathead_**
